Add mount-checkout support (#348)
buildkite-plugins/docker-compose-buildkite-plugin: README.md

### `workdir` (optional, run only)

> Specify the container working directory via `docker-compose run --workdir`. The default is `/workdir`. This path is also used by `mount-checkout` to determine where to mount the checkout in the container.

Reviewer: Was doing a final review and found this little change to make (as the default only applies when `mount-checkout` is used, so the documentation in that option should be enough:
```suggestion
Specify the container working directory via `docker-compose run --workdir`. This option is also used by [`mount-checkout`](#mount-checkout-optional-run-only-boolean) to determine where to mount the checkout in the container.
```

Default: `false`

> ### `mount-checkout` (optional, boolean)

Reviewer: it is important to note that this is only for the `run` stages:
```suggestion
### `mount-checkout` (optional, run only, boolean)
```

Whether to automatically mount the current working directory which contains your checked out codebase. Mounts onto `/workdir`, unless `workdir` is set, in which case that will be used.

> Default: `true`

Reviewer: I would definitely set it to `false` as default. I don't think there is a need to make this change backwards-incompatible when it would be the same amount of effort with no risk to make it so.
